Requirement 1: App must render.
Assumption 1: Rendering App should not cause any error.

Requirement 2: App must have a title.
Assumption 2: There must be an h1 element with text as "Color Contrast Checker".

Requirement 3: User should be able to select foreground color through a color picker.
Assumption 3: There must be an element with id "foreground-color-picker".

Requirement 4: User should be able to provide the hex code of foreground color.
Assumption 4: There must be an input element within the "foreground-color-picker".

Requirement 5: User should be able to select background color through a color picker.
Assumption 5: There must be an element with id "background-color-picker".

Requirement 6: User should be able to provide the hex code of background color.
Assumption 6: There must be an input element within the "background-color-picker".

Requirement 7: User should be able to see a preview of the text with the selected colors.
Assumption 7: There must be a text element with id "preview". It should contain some text, say "Lorem ipsum". The color of the text should be same as the selected foreground-color and the color of the background should be same as the selected background-color.

Requirement 8: User should be able to see the contrast ratio of the selected colors.
Assumption 8: There must be an element with text "Contrast Ratio".

Requirement 9: User should be able to see the level of compliance of the selected colors.
Assumption 9: There must be an element with text "WCAG compliance".

Requirement 10: For contrast ratio less than 4.5:1, the compliance must be shown as "Fail".
Assumption 10: Choose foreground and background colors such that the contrast ratio is less than 4.5:1. "Contrast Ratio" element should display the correct ratio. "WCAG compliance" text should contain "Fail".

Requirement 11: For contrast ratio between than 4.5:1 and 7:1, the compliance must be shown as "AA".
Assumption 11: Choose foreground and background colors such that the contrast ratio is between 4.5:1 and 7:1. "Contrast Ratio" element should display the correct ratio. "WCAG compliance" text should contain "AA".

Requirement 12: For contrast ratio more than 7:1, the compliance must be shown as "AAA".
Assumption 12: Choose foreground and background colors such that the contrast ratio is more than 7:1. "Contrast Ratio" element should display the correct ratio. "WCAG compliance" text should contain "AAA".
